It's been a long time since we've done this.
Yeah.
Thought it'd be nice, you know?
Something to keep your mind off of.
It's okay, you can say it. I'm not gonna break.
Sorry, I've just been kinda out of it lately.
Yeah, if you need to talk.
There's one thing I wanted to ask you.
Would you be my date to the spring formal?
Of course.
I didn't have to ask.
Because I'm just not taking anything for granted anymore.
I can do it!
This is Watson, Vertigo.
We have a gas main fire just off of Route 12, mile marker 18.
We need luck.
Hey! Hey!
Come on.
Jack, we're gonna get out of here!
We're gonna fight.
Everybody, move up!
Come on, do it!
Run!
Lana!
Get down!
Lana! Lana!
Hey, I just heard. Is she all right?
Yeah. They gave her something to help her rest.
How you holding up?
I kinda hoped I'd see my last hospital room in a while.
Hey. Hey.
I thought you'd be halfway to Metropolis by now.
It's just a summer internship. I can always reschedule.
You've been waiting for that interview at the Planet for weeks.
I know. I just feel weird talking to you.
I'm taking off right now.
Lana's gonna be okay.
It's just a mild concussion.
Okay. I'm crashing in my cousin's dorm.
Call me on my cell if anything goes wrong with the torch.
We can survive one day without you.
Are you gonna wish me luck?
You don't need it.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
Chloe.
Somebody save me
Don't care how you do it
Just stay, stay
Come on, I've been waiting for you
Just stay
I've made this whole world shine for you
Just stay, stay
Come on
Okay, well, I'll let you know.
Go ahead.
Who's that, the plumber?
No, your school teacher.
Your school?
Don't worry, you're not in trouble.
They're looking for chaperones for the spring formal.
Oh, what'd you say?
I said you hadn't even mentioned it.
I don't think the whole tux and limo thing is for me.
Besides, it's customary to have a date to a dance.
Which is why it's customary to ask someone.
Martha, stay out of it.
Son, can you see if you can get that trap out of there for me?
Uh, sure, Dad.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
So, are you planning on asking Chloe or not?
She just can't help herself.
I'll use the sink till I get back.
I'm not sure.
Well, you said you had feelings for her.
It's not about Chloe.
You can't keep putting your life on hold because of Lana.
But if she sees me with someone else, it's like I'm saying the door's closed.
The door is closed, Clark.
You need to admit that to yourself.
Don't tell me you didn't think about her.
Don't you ever admit that.
No, I mean, I always thought it was the best thing I could do.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I know.
I know what you're gonna say about her.
I'm sorry.
I know.
It did require jumping through some corporate hoops.
The accident was unfortunate.
I know your loss can't be fixed entirely with money,
but I hope this helps.
Well, I appreciate the gesture, but I hope
we're not getting special treatment because
of your friendship with Clark.
I assure you, Mr. Kent, that has nothing to do with this.
This is very generous, Lex.
Actually, it isn't.
It reflects the exact value of the herd and grazing
land you lost.
I wouldn't insult you by putting you in my debt.
All I want is to leave the doubt between us in the past.
Hey, how you feeling?
Better.
Not only hurts when I walk, sit, or breathe,
but it's also a good way to get out of the way.
I'm surprised to see you.
Usually a hospital visit comes with a get out of jail free card.
Actually, I was looking for Chloe.
She's not here.
She's in Metropolis until tonight.
You covering?
Well, if you can call it that.
The printer's jammed, the scanner's broken,
and the spring formal event schedule is late.
Chloe leaves her day and the torch goes out in flames.
Safe to say we won't lose you to the entrancing world
of journalism.
So have you talked to Chloe?
I left a message on her cell phone.
I think she's busy convincing the planet they were insane
ever to publish without her.
What's up?
I had this intense dream about Chloe I just can't shake.
It was totally surreal, but I dreamed that she was attacked
outside of the hospital.
I know, sounds crazy.
What's got you freaked?
It's just it felt like I was right there.
She was walking to her car and she was getting her keys
out of that red bag with the butter
flies on it.
What is it?
She was carrying that red bag when she left the hospital.
Give me a call her dad to see if she's all right.
You know, I'm sure it's just a concussion.
I don't want to scare him just because I spent the night
on painkillers.
Yeah, it was probably just a nightmare.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
If you're in this together just do what you need to do.
Everybody wants to get to know Clek by your name.
mens shihatsu.
But why?
complementing something else?
They think you're lifeless.
I just don't want to admit it.
I don't believe in anything.
I'm a tablespoon and I tell the difference.
Kondos don't onto bl måks?
Legendary lunatics.
But as aikkach can see what I'm what we allow.
Twitch!
Right.
Hey.
What are you doing here in the middle of the night?
I found a man who had a very interesting view of the meteor shower.
Claims he saw something fall out of the sky.
We all did.
Yeah, well, not like this.
You're feeling so abused. Why are you bringing this to me?
Getting the full story takes money and access.
And unlike some, I always hold up my end of the deal.
Get ready to thank me.
Hey, hey, Clark.
Take it easy, will ya?
This thing's been around for a while.
It's been around our family a long time.
This stupid thing won't start.
Clark, what's going on, son?
I'm worried.
I'm sure that Chloe's gonna call any minute and you'll realize you've been worried about nothing.
Yeah.
I'm glad we'll finally be able to get rid of this.
Here we spend more time fixing it than we do writing it.
Well, I'm not sure that I'm quite ready to retire the old girl yet.
With Lex's check, we can get a new one.
Actually, I haven't decided to deposit that check.
Dad, Lex is just trying to do the right thing.
I know he is, Clark. I know he didn't try to buy me off.
He's just trying to repay me for damages that he thinks he caused.
And you're right. I got no real reason to doubt him.
It's just something in my gut tells me I should.
Lex isn't perfect, Dad. I know that.
But slamming the door in his face over and over only helps turn him into exactly what you think he already is.
When did you get to be so wise?
Ask my dad.
I'll sleep on it.
Hey, Clark.
You talk to Chloe yet?
No. But the planet better not have turned her down if they know what's good for them.
I just thought you would have called by now to get an update on the torch.
She probably already got the engine ship and is out partying with her cousin.
So, did I mention I'm taking Erica Fox to the spring formal?
Several times, yes.
The hottest girl in our class. Just wanted to make sure that that was clear.
It is.
So, do you want to know my secret? You do, don't you?
I asked her.
You ought to try it, Clark. Getting up off your butt is the wave of the future.
I gotta go reserve my limo for the spring formal.
To which, incidentally, I'm taking Erica Fox.
I hadn't heard.
Any word on our intrepid reporter?
I called her dad. He was stuck in a seminar.
I'm sure she'll be okay.
Yeah, me too.
Oh, you can buy tickets to the spring formal here. That's a cool idea.
You ask anyone yet?
I've got my eye on someone.
Well, you better hurry up. No one likes to look for a dress last minute.
Not even Chloe.
What makes you think I'm asking Chloe?
Chloe, I can call you again.
Chloe!
How are you?
How are you, dad?
Chloe...
What is it?
We just had a fight, don't say nothing.
Oh, God!
I would never say anything except чуть blues.
You're always causing me problems.
Oh...
Come on, Chloe. Come on.
You've been here worse than this. Come on, Chloe.
I can't believe you're lying.
Come on.
Home sweet home.
Hey, guys. I called the sheriff's office because I wanted them to hear this, too.
Any luck reaching Chloe, Mr. Sullivan?
No, I haven't heard from her all day. I'm starting to get concerned.
I called her cousin, but all I get is the machine.
You said you had some proof that Chloe might have been abducted?
Well, I sort of had a vision.
A vision?
She saw Chloe being kidnapped.
Maybe you should have called the Psychic Friends Network instead, then.
What makes you think it was real?
I saw Chloe bound and blindfolded in a dress.
Oh, well, it's too bad you didn't see something a little more useful,
like an address where we might find her.
Excuse me.
Ms. Lang, you went through a pretty rough ordeal yesterday.
Are you sure you're feeling okay?
You mean, do I think I'm hallucinating?
It felt like I was right there, like I was seeing through the kidnapper's eyes.
I promise. We'll take this seriously and look into it.
Thanks.
Mr. Sullivan, what is it?
Nothing.
Nothing?
We found Chloe's car.
It's been abandoned in the woods.
So far, I'm unimpressed.
Yeah.
I'm going to reserve judgment for five minutes.
Starting now.
Mr. Cole, this is Slyther.
I know who he is.
He's very interested in your story.
Twelve years ago, Eddie Cole had more clients than he could handle.
Spent eight hours a day dusting fields all over Smallville.
And then?
FAA pulled my license.
And why would they do that?
Decided I wasn't fit in the head to fly anymore.
Because I couldn't keep my dumb mouth shut.
Natural depending.
Slytherin.
I have instead...
... 뚝
d
Pretty sure I was gonna die right there.
Then one...
just missed my tail by about ten feet.
I saw it go straight down and then swerve just before it hit.
Doesn't sound like a meteor.
I know aircraft better than most.
But the way that thing moved, it had to be a ship.
You saw a ship crash?
It's not just that I saw a ship crash.
A couple hours later, went and looked for it.
It was gone.
Maybe it burned.
Or maybe it was taken.
Nobody believes me.
Gave Mr. Nixon a map of the crash site.
I've seen it.
So you believe me?
It's a good story.
Thanks for your time, Mr. Cole.
Hey, I thought you'd be pleased.
I just brought you the story you've been waiting for.
You brought me a desperate man and a tall tale.
It's about what I expected from you.
Sorry, Rog.
Time's up.
Any word on Chloe?
Uh...
My dad and I went out with Mr. Sullivan.
The police searched the woods, but...
Maybe they didn't find anything.
They've organized a search party first thing tomorrow morning.
How you doing, Rochelle?
I spent the afternoon at the sheriff's station telling them what I saw.
They kept looking at me like I was crazy.
I don't think you're crazy.
You were lying right there.
I was lying right there.
How are you holding up?
I keep wishing Chloe would just walk up those steps.
I never appreciated how much she meant to me until now.
I thought of never seeing her again.
Clark, just...
You can't think that way.
Just...
You know, I remember the first time I met her.
It was eighth grade.
I was like, it's so funny.
I thought she was crazy.
I was like, I'm just going to fuck her.
She's just so perfect.
It was eighth grade.
She had just transferred from Metropolis,
and I was assigned to show her around.
The first thing she wanted to know
was where she could buy a copy of the planet
so she could keep in touch with civilization.
She found out I lived on a farm.
She insisted I invite her over to experience it firsthand.
She thought I was Amish.
I'd love to wear my work inside my head.
When I brought her up here,
she just kissed me right out of the blue.
Why'd she do that?
She said, I know you've been thinking about that all day,
so I figured we'd get it out of the way and be friends.
It was my first kiss.
It's nice it was with someone you still care about.
We're gonna see her again, Clark.
I love you.
Lana?
I just saw her again.
Chloe?
Where?
Buried.
She's still alive.
Did you see where she was?
I'm not sure, but there was a windmill, a big one.
She must be out in Chandler's Field.
I'll get help.
Chloe?
Chloe!
Clark, it's okay.
Clark. Clark.
I knew it was you.
It's always you.
Oh.
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Oh, I gotta go. Some real people just came in.
Okay, bye.
Hi.
Who's that?
The Daily Planet.
But you missed your appointment for the internship.
I did. They were calling about an interview.
Are you gonna do it?
No, I've always wanted my name in the Daily Planet, but not like this.
Besides, I figured that the Torch could use an exclusive,
which I will write as soon as I get out of here.
Chloe, do you remember anything?
I remember...
tripping on some metal rails.
And I remember hundreds of teddy bears hanging from the ceiling.
Anyway, that's where I was kept until I...
I'm sorry, you guys. Flashback.
I can still hear the dirt falling on the coffin.
Stop.
If you hadn't found me, I don't know...
where I'd be.
Don't thank me. Thank Lana.
Yeah, you know, I...
I gotta hand it to you.
You sure picked a perfect time to take a walk on the weird side.
You should get some rest.
Clark, um...
Would you mind sticking around for a little while?
Whoever did this is still out there.
Of course not. I'll stay here as long as you need me to.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
Thanks.
Okay, well, I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Bye, Lana.
Okay.
Bye.
Hey, I'm glad you could join me.
How late were you at the hospital?
I'm sorry.
This is a little late.
How late were you at the hospital?
All night.
I snuck in after visiting hours.
I'm sure Chloe appreciated that.
I'm just worried that the person who did this to her is still out there.
Oh, Clark.
You got her back safe and sound.
That's what's important.
Not without Lana, I wouldn't know.
Hey!
She hasn't had any more visions, has she?
No.
I think they're connected to the gas pipe explosion.
That's when they started.
I'm gonna check that out.
No, son.
Police do it. It's their job.
I just wish I knew whose eyes she was seeing through.
What you need to focus on right now
is getting this truckload of feed over to the Millers.
So you've had a night to sleep on it.
What are you gonna do with Lex's check?
I might be stubborn, but I'm not blind.
Yeah, I had a talk with your mom.
As soon as we deliver the feed,
I'm taking it to the savings and loan.
Metal detectors and hazmat suits.
To be honest, we've learned there may have been
a major meteor strike on the site.
Of course, there's no proof the meteors are actually harmful,
but it never hurts to dot your I's and cross your T's, right?
As you're well aware, Luther Corp's environmental record
has taken some serious hits in recent weeks.
Better safe than sorry. Is there a problem?
Dad?
The problem is, Lex, that what's good for Luther Corp
isn't always what's good for this town.
Listen, Luther.
Looks like you've got business to attend to.
Uh,
Lex.
I decided I can't accept your money.
Mr. Ken, I don't understand.
I wouldn't expect you would.
Lex, I...
It's okay, Clark.
I'll talk to you later.
Dad.
Dad!
Lex didn't deserve that.
People test their land all the time.
I know that, Clark.
But this field is where your ship crashed down.
If Lex's scientists find anything out here,
they can trace it right back to you.
Come on.
Lex.
You gotta see this.
Coles!
Don't ever touch that TP stock of everyone.
Dude.
Not even with the check?
Clark, I've never seen a piece of it.
You understand what this could mean?
More than you know.
He's got six.
I didn't know he did.
I want you to handle all the tests personally
and report it directly to me.
Come on.
The Oliv Response...
Hey.
How you feeling?
Better. At least the nightmare seemed to have stopped.
I'm glad you came by.
I got caught up at the store. Went home early.
Decided to go through some of my dad's things.
Sure you're ready for that?
It's okay.
It actually brought back some nice memories.
And I found this.
These were your father's?
Yeah.
I knew he served in Vietnam, but he never talked about it.
Do you know what they're for?
Yeah. They keep a registry on the Internet.
The silver stars for exceptional valor.
He rescued three men in his unit during the firefight.
He was wounded.
He wouldn't leave his men behind.
Sounds like your dad.
I wonder why he never told you.
Maybe he just did.
You know,
you win a couple football games,
and people start calling you a hero.
It feels good, but...
maybe he's just trying to tell me
that throwing a ball isn't the only way
to do something important with your life.
Bat stuff ahead of you,
which was very hard to complete.
You didn't know who was how by the time youze became free
and it wasn't safe to pitch inside
and, that there was one question
of how you managed to run away from us.
I knew that you were just a time bullet...
But I let a einige of my friends
shoot me out because I wasoi можем toAccownik
Well, did no one understand what was going on?
And it was attendant.
Tenofenstein.
When did you find out about that?
Don't think it's a small, fancy trouble.
Yes, it is.
Visibility doesn't make us theobldents that overthink things.
But I can be sure that we'll come back,
when and when.
And why?
Money problems, the farm.
I guess you just didn't understand what you were doing out in that field.
I thought I made myself clear.
You did.
You don't believe me either.
I know you get obsessed about things, like the car accident.
I find it hard to believe that you'd waste your time supervising a routine land survey, if that's what it was.
My life changed when the meteors hit, and I need to know why.
You can't let it go?
This isn't some empty emotional quest, Clark. It's about finding the truth.
The truth?
I found a man.
He said something besides the meteors came down that day.
Like what?
A ship.
And you believe him?
I listened.
Chances are he's just another crackpot, but I'd be remiss if I didn't check it out.
And when the next story crops up, you'll be sure to check that one out too.
Clark.
When are you gonna be able to put your past behind you?
You look at the stars, Clark.
Some of them have been extinguished for thousands of years.
But their light is only reaching us now.
Past is always influencing the present.
I can't change that.
All I can do is try to understand it.
Hey.
Chloe, why aren't you at home sleeping?
If I fall asleep, I'll have nightmares, so I figured the best thing to do is keep busy.
God knows you left enough of a mess for me to clean up.
Well, I'm glad you're here.
Hey, Whitney. You sure you're in the right place?
Clark called, said he needed my help.
I think I figured out how Lana got her visions. It was the explosion.
You think the blast somehow caused them?
It was more than that. It connected her with someone at the accident.
Clark can't leaps tall theories in a single bound.
How did you arrive at this one?
Well, apparently there were meteor rocks at the explosion, and I found this article.
The de Kretzer syndrome?
It's kind of like a post-traumatic stress disorder.
There were several cases reported during the London Blitz.
Some people who were huddled in shelters would find themselves psychically linked after a bomb hit nearby.
Okay, I'm sold.
According to this, it's in times of stress, anger, or excitement that triggers the visions.
Who was around Lana after the explosion?
Myself and two deputies, Watson and Vertigo.
They were with your dad when we told them about Lana's vision.
He probably called them himself. They were in a bowling league together.
Whitney, which one got to her first?
It's tough to say. It all happened so fast.
You think one of these cops kidnapped Chloe?
Who would suspect a cop?
We have to warn Lana. If one of these guys is the kidnapper, he knows that Lana's seeing through his eyes.
Great. I'll drive.
Um, that's okay. We'll take my car.
We'll get her.
Miss Lang.
I know it's late, but I just wanted to ask you a few more questions.
I'm surprised you found the time.
I know I deserve that.
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Sure.
I'll be right back.
Where's Lana?
I don't know. She was here.
I think I must have grabbed her.
I'm gonna check the back.
Deputy, where's your partner tonight?
Gary? He's working a second job at the carnival ground. He's a security guard.
You said you saw stuffed animals in train tracks.
The carnival's closest time of the year. It's a perfect place to hide someone.
There's no proof of you.
We've got to find Lana somewhere.
I mean, I really need to get my foster child worried.
Good point.
I'm sorry.
How did Lana see this?
There's a dark Cecilia's 확인.
Did she arrive?
I don't know.
She looks fine right now as we've set Iskr Street up.
Library...
...C dichxo souvenirs.
Where is it?
Aufford-
I've no idea.
nochmal album up andす
Deputy Watts, why are you doing this?
I never wanted to hurt Chloe.
I didn't even want money.
I wanted to rescue her.
You kidnapped Chloe so you could take credit for finding her?
I could have been a good cop.
The best cop this town's ever seen.
This case would have made my career.
But it doesn't matter now.
I can still be the hero.
What are you going to do?
Solve your murder.
No.
Please, please don't do this.
Lana.
No.
Come on.
You're all right?
It's Watts.
Deputy Watts.
Stay here.
It's over, Watts.
What the hell are you?
Go on.
Get in front of the gun!
Get in!
Move over.
operation photography.
Please note that even the laws lie against the laws ofpis,
and you have not been 미안해g when you've been
too busy To Charles Burles and Mrs.
Fitzgerald.
Ms. Chevy has some provocative opinions.
Bitch.
I guess my work spoke for itself.
Oh, congratulations.
Thank you.
So I guess that means you'll spend the summer in Metropolis.
Yeah.
Will you come visit me?
Yeah, of course.
I would never pass up an opportunity to see you in your natural habitat.
Well, I just wanted you to be the first to know, so, um, I'll see you.
Bye.
Uh, Chloe, um...
Do you have plans for the spring formal?
Not at the moment.
I was hoping, uh...
I was hoping you'd go with me...
as my date.
I would love to, Clark.
Now I'm gonna go before my good karma runs out.
Chloe...
I'm sorry I didn't ask sooner.
It's okay.
It was worth the wait.
I wanna run through the halls of my high school
I wanna scream in the top of my lungs
I just found out there's no such thing as the real world
Just a lie who got to rise above
Lex!
Where's that, uh, crop duster of yours?
I wanted to talk to him.
He seems too disappearing.
Maybe your visit scared him.
Something or someone did. What do you have for me?
The preliminary results of the fragment we recovered.
So what is it?
Well, all I can tell you...
is what it is not.
I don't like riddles, Doctor.
Then this object will make you profoundly unhappy.
To be honest, Lex...
there is nothing...
like this alloy...
on this Earth.
Roll your eyes off me and Elwin.
You are so drained of your life.
Everybody talks.
Ahem.
That's all we need to know.
Let's go.
Nope.
Don't worry, baby.
Who likes old boys?
Stay your own way.
Take care, Lex.
I'll put you in line at the Center.
We'll do like I do.
Thanks, en route, Elwin.
You bet.
Let's get to business.
While our Museum parties,
There's a qualified association to kick off.
Budgeting not only the Provisional Home Office,
it's now the Done hasta La Deo Foreign Office's
function area.
The entire facility is open for questioning from 22 up toש.
Ok, I'm printing.
Life's all about sum OMO- sowie
타워 in aHAMАE dormum
© transcript Emily Beynon